We all start some new project with this
blank page saying enter presentation
title and it's like my god where do I
start? I have to outline all the slides.
I got to figure out my story. What's the
hook? What are the key moments? What
it's going to look like? What fonts am I
going to use? What colors? What imagery
do I need? And you get stuck in this
spiral of like thinking through all
these things.
>> Totally.
>> And so when we actually built AI that
solved our blank page problem, it turned
out that it solved everybody else's
blank page problem too. Suddenly they
could just go from a vague idea to a
fully worked out rough draft. And
suddenly their job was editing, not
starting from scratch.
[Music]
Today we're joined by John Nurona,
founder of Gamma, our cursor for slides.
Gamma is a canonical example of
application layer success in AI. Image
generation models were the initial
product breakthrough and these AI
tailwinds have now carried Gamma to 50
million plus AR 50 plus million users
and cash flow positive. John discusses
practical lessons for builders on
multimodel orchestration running
extensive AB tests fine-tuning versus
prompt engineering cost efficiency and
more. He also shares thoughts on how
Gamma is solving the cold start problem
and their future roadmap towards more
agentic editing experiences. Enjoy the
show.
John, thank you so much for joining us
on Training Data today.
>> Great to be here. Thanks for having me.
>> Let's start with what is Gamma? Why'd
you start the company?
>> So, we started the company back in 2020
and the original vision has not really
changed up till now. We wanted to
reinvent presentations. Uh my co-founder
Grant came to me with the idea back in
2020 and he was talking about how he was
just spending all of his time sitting
outside on a park bench trying to call
into conference calls because wife was
using you know the one spot in their
house with a desk. This was the depths
of co and we were all in our houses and
he was joining all these conference
calls staring at his little tiny phone
trying to follow along to these
PowerPoint decks people were doing on
Zoom. And the moment he brought this up
days
>> I know I was like that's all I do too.
All I do is just sit on Zoom calls all
day and look at Google Slides decks,
alternating with maybe making Google
Slides decks along the way. And neither
one's very fun for me. And so, as soon
as he mentioned it, I was like, man,
this is such an exciting opportunity to
reinvent this thing, which on the one
hand, slides are the language of
business. They are the way that we all
communicate at work, especially around
highstakes ideas like for you. Anytime
somebody pitches you, I'm sure is with a
slide deck. Um, and yet, if you ask
anybody in almost any walk of life, do
you enjoy making slides? this is how you
want to communicate. You generally get
some kind of ick reaction like a I hate
having to do that. I hate I hate how
slides make me look bad. I hate how I
spend 90% of the time on formatting and
just 10% on the content. I hate how
everyone's judging me for how they look
and not what I'm saying. And so Gamma's
vision came out of this almost universal
problem. People need to do visual
communication. They want to look great,
but current tools don't cut it. And so
we wanted to reinvent that. not just by
making a new editor for making
PowerPoints, but for actually rethinking
the format itself.
>> That's so cool. By the way, I'm one of
those shameful people that actually
likes making slides. So, I guess I've
now realized that I'm a weirdo.
>> Yeah, you are the 1%. Congratulations.
>> So, Gamma today is an amazing success
story in the AI application layer. I
think you guys announced you're at 50
million plus of ARR uh cash flow
positive team of 30 people. So,
congratulations. Did it always feel like
this? No, absolutely not. It's been it's
been a long road to get here. There are
no overnight successes. As I said, we
started the company in 2020 before all
this AI stuff had taken off.
>> And did you know the AI stuff was going
to happen when you started the company?
>> Absolutely not. I actually remember
trying the first version of GPT3, which
actually also came out in 2020. And I
was one of the first people, I think, to
get access. And we tried it out and I
just wanted to see could this make
slides because we were already working
on it. I wanted to see if I gave it a
document, could it summarize the key
bullet points? Could it do the opposite?
take bullet points and turn it into, you
know, paragraphs of text. And the answer
was no at the time. It just wasn't there
yet. Um, and so I kind of thought, wow,
this is neat. But I dismissed it. And
for several years, we went down a very
different path. Um, we were very much
focused on this future of work thesis,
thinking about remote async work, trying
to build an alternative to slides that
was more interactive, more webpage-like,
more responsive. And we ended up in this
zone of sort of medium traction, some
product market fit, but not enough to be
probably like a VC scale business, not
enough to really take off with
exponential growth. And got to a pretty
difficult point maybe two years into our
journey where we had that middling
product market fit. We had a dwindling
runway and we probably wouldn't have
made it especially because the economy
around us was just going crazy. It was a
period of uh inflation going up,
interest rates going up, banks crashing,
including our own Silicon Valley bank.
So we had some very rough periods along
the way and uh frankly I would say what
saved us was generative AI getting good
just in time. So we were already at this
point of facing some I'll say
existential angst of are we going to
make it as a company but we started
checking back in on all this AI stuff
over a period of two years. And for me
what really caught my eye was actually
not language models it was image models.
stable diffusion had come out that
summer and I was seeing everybody on
Twitter posting these silly little
things they were making in stable
diffusion. It wasn't serious work yet,
but there was this magic and this
virality to seeing what AI could do. I
think Dolli was also taking off at the
same time and I started to realize this
is the thing that can really change
presentations because what are we doing
when we're presenting ideas? We're doing
a lot of visual design and we're often
decorating things sort of pointlessly to
fill space. probably PowerPoint ski
innovation was actually clip art uh
maybe 30 years ago. Um but nobody's
really come up with what's the next clip
art and I saw stable diffusion in Deli
and I'm like this is by far the most
compelling thing I've ever seen that
could do it.
>> That's a really interesting insight. So
it wasn't even the language model side
that made you think there's there's a
why now for your business. It was the
visual uh the image model side.
>> Absolutely. They're just so magnetic, so
magical. Um, but ironically the image
models taking off made us revisit the
text models and say what's been
happening with this GPT3 thing that we
heard about a while ago
>> and I remember trying it out and just
trying some of the same early prompts I
tried two years earlier and suddenly
they worked. Uh, and they actually
worked quite well. Everyone sees chat
GPT as an overnight success as well but
it turns out OpenAI had been improving
the models all that time as well. And in
particular the thing they've been
working on was instruction tuning. So
making it so that you could actually
give a prompt the way a human would like
please write this thing or format this
thing and it would listen to you. Very
simple innovation that I think under the
whole chat GPT takeoff and so suddenly
we realized we had all the ingredients
to not just be a tool for making
presentations but actually just make the
presentation for you. That's super cool.
Uh can you say a word on you know I
think you guys mentioned pre-AII you had
this cold start problem. Um, how do you
think AI has is uh changing that problem
for you all?
>> Well, it's funny you say that because
yes, we had a cold start problem which
was that we had launched this product
into beta with middling traction and the
reason it wasn't taking off was the
activation rate at the very start. So,
100 people would sign up and 95 or so
would fall off in the first few minutes
of using the product cuz they get
dropped into this like new innovative
tool that was actually just a blank
page. And we'd say, "Look how cool it
is. It's got so many features." And
they'd say, "Yeah, but like what can I
make? what can I do with it? And they
would pretty much all fall off along the
way except for the few dieards who would
manage to power through that blank page.
And so the reason we seized on AI early
on was we thought it could solve our
blank page problem. We thought it could
speed us through showing something
magical where a user would get it. I
think what we failed to appreciate until
we actually launched it was that it
wasn't our blank page problem being
solved. It was the user's blank page
problem. And if you think back to like
why are presentations so intimidating
and frustrating, it's because we all
start some new project with this blank
page saying enter presentation title and
it's like my god, where do I start? I
have to outline all the slides. I got to
figure out my story. What's the hook?
What are the key moments? What it's
going to look like? What fonts am I
going to use? What colors? What imagery
do I need? And you get stuck in this
spiral of like thinking through all
these things.
>> Totally. And so when we actually built
AI that solved our blank page problem,
it ser turned out that it solved
everybody else's blank page problem too.
Suddenly they could just go from a vague
idea to a fully worked out rough draft.
And suddenly their job was editing, not
starting from scratch.
>> Yeah. No, I've I've loved that. And I've
actually used Gamma a lot. I get asked
to give a lot of presentations about AI
and it's so refreshing to just give
Gamma, you know, a document and like
turn this into a slide deck versus
having to sit there in front of a bank
blank page and figure out what I'm going
to talk about.
>> Well, thank you for trying it. We we
always appreciate it. And yeah, that's
the magic too. We use it every day
internally. I think it's part of our
success is I love having a dog foodable
product, a thing you can use every day.
>> Totally. Um, tell me about the hard work
that goes into and this go plays into
the whole debate of how much value is in
the application layer. um tell me about
the stuff that you do in between the
foundation models and your users.
>> Yeah, really good question. I think this
is where so much of our work the last
few years uh has gone. And I would say
there's a couple different categories of
it. The first is actually the medium
itself. So I mentioned that where we
started was we didn't want to just be a
presentation clone, a PowerPoint clone.
We wanted to be our own unique format.
And so we came up with something that
our users describe as if notion and
Canva had a baby. So what does that
mean? Uh the notion part is it's block
based and writing based. So you're not
actually dragging boxes around and
moving them the way you are in Google
slides. You're actually just typing and
we try to bring whatever you type to
life and feel visual.
>> Uh but the canvas side is we have all
this visual range. So we have diagrams
and charts and visuals and crazy theming
and templates that sort of all make it
feel a bit more magical. But the key
thing is that we do that part for you.
You don't need to actually know what's
going to look right. You just type and
you get something grayed out. And so
actually a huge part of what we do as a
company is not anything to do with
prompts or fine-tuning. It's just
actually tuning those core building
blocks. How do we have the best
diagrams, the best layouts, the best
visual themes? And those become our
arsenal that AI is let loose on. Uh it's
the building blocks that it works on.
>> And what goes into that? Like what what
allows you to create the best visual
themes or the best diagrams.
>> Well, one thing that goes in is taste.
So this is probably a big difference
from when you know people think about
what if I just type the same thing into
say chat GPT. We actually have a pretty
big team of designers. In fact for a
while our company was one-third
designers. Uh it was four out of 12
designers which is very unusual I think
in Silicon Valley especially at the
early stage. But um we put a ton of care
into what will great output look like.
Our whole philosophy is that we do the
great design so that you don't have to.
Uh but it's also quite data driven. uh
we spend a lot of time looking at what
users are trying to do in our product
and where things get lost and also a lot
of analysis of like what do
presentations out there in the world
have. AI is great for this by the way at
turnurning through for example thousands
of external slide decks and telling us
what are the common layouts and designs
and things that are there.
>> Yeah. What are some of the insights
you've learned from the data of where
people tend to get lost and where you've
solved that their product? You know, if
you think about the process of making a
presentation, there's actually this
whole series of hurdles that come along
the way. There's sort of a storytelling
and structure phase where it's like, how
do I even want to say this? And then
there's a formatting and design phase.
And we are certainly looking to improve
on both, but in particular in the
formatting and design phase, there's
actually just certain common tricks that
for an AI are so easy, but for a human
are so tedious. One simple trick is
don't just try one thing. Try 10
different designs and pick the best one.
easy to say when you're an AI that can
do it all in about three seconds. For a
human, that's incredibly timeconuming.
Um, another simple trick is uh with
imagery, making all the images in your
presentation the same color palette. Um,
easy to say when you're an AI that can
generate the image from scratch. Hard to
do when you're a human pulling from like
Google image search or your own library
and making everything just perfectly
tuned. So, I would say that we're trying
to stack up a lot of those tricks into
something that actually no human could
do.
>> And and when you generate 10 different
options, how do you figure out what's
the best one? Oh, such a good question.
Uh, so my background, I don't think I
shared is before Gamma, I worked at
Optimizely uh in a product role.
Optimizely for those who don't know, was
AB testing you'll actually use. So we
sort of pioneered AB testing as a
universal practice in how marketers tune
their ideas and then also how products
get launched. And that's actually been a
through line through my whole career in
product management. I did a ton of AB
testing before that at Microsoft and now
we do a huge amount of it at Gamma. So
every time a new model comes out, so for
example, as we're recording this today,
Sam Alman is on stage announcing GPT5.
>> Um, literally right now there's somebody
on our team who's actually making a code
update on our side so that we can
implement GPT5 and run a test on it.
>> And we go through a couple different
phases of testing when a new model comes
out. Uh, we do have evals, so we try to
automatically measure is this thing
better than previous models. Uh but it
turns out we're in a creative domain
where there's often no right answer and
so it's really hard to run evals and
just say oh GPT5 is better than Claude
sonnet by 2.7%. There's actually not a
metric for that.
>> But we do have are a bunch of real users
and we're lucky to now have millions of
users that we can actually run these
experiments on.
>> And so sometime this afternoon we're
going to start an AB test of GPT5
against Claude against Gemini and we're
going to actually measure a whole series
of user behaviors when we generate a
presentation. We're going to actually
ask users what they think through
ratings, but we're also going to measure
how much did they edit the final output.
Uh how much did they export it to other
tools? Did they share it? And finally,
did they convert from a free customer to
a paying customer? And we have run
probably hundreds of these experiments.
And we have learned very carefully which
models work well for which tasks and on
top of that um what aspects of our
prompts work well. So I would say we
skew pretty heavily on the idea of
prompt engineering. We have quite
complex prompts in our products and
quite complex orchestration of prompts
and every piece of those is the product
of some degree of AB testing and
experimentation to find out what
actually resonates.
>> Data flywheel in action. Nobody better
to build the data flywheel than the
optimizely guys.
>> Absolutely.
>> Um are you on the prompt? So it's
primarily prompt engineering as opposed
to fine-tuning. Is there a reason for
that?
>> Honestly, we just haven't found that
fine-tuning works all that well. Uh
fine-tuning is something that I've seen
so much hype around in the industry,
mostly coming frankly from companies
that do fine-tuning for you. Um but in
our own experience, fine-tuning seems to
hobble the model's actual intelligence
and also frankly what we found is that
fine-tuning seems to be popular among
open source models, but we actually have
not seen the open source models come
nearly close to the closed source
foundation models.
>> Interesting.
>> So for us, our daily drivers are like
claude, Gemini, and uh GPT rather than
some of these open source models that
get a lot.
>> Okay. So, name your favorite child.
Claude, Gemini, GPT. Like, what is each
best at?
>> You know, uh, if I had to choose, I'm a
Claude stand. Uh, I would say we are
very, very heavy Claude users. And in
particular, I think what we found about
Claude was it just has a certain taste
to it about what actually looks good.
There's this creativity and it's
remarkable because it doesn't show up in
any benchmark. Um, when all these
companies talk about their models,
they're first of all, they're always
talking about software engineering. At
this point, coding is the dominant use
case of AI. It's the killer app. And so
all these companies are optimizing for
like reasoning, tool use, and coding. We
are not a coding platform. We are a
visual expression platform. And so all
the benchmarks are useless. We have to
throw them out and run our own
experiments. Uh Claude has been the
best. Although funnily enough, earlier
versions of Cloud sometimes work better
than new ones as they've kind of gone
down this coding optimized path.
>> I think the one that's most slept on is
probably Gemini though. Um Gemini is by
far our most heavily used model. Um, and
that's because they really win on cost
efficiency. When it comes to
intelligence per dollar, nothing beats
Gemini Flash, which is like probably our
daily driver. And maybe this ties
another thing about our company, which
is we actually really care about
margins, unlike maybe a lot of other AI
companies in this space. We've always
tried to operate since we had AI at cash
flow positive and think about how we can
offer these things sustainably.
>> Yeah. What are the reasoning models?
Have those been an unlock for you all?
>> Surprisingly, no. What we've actually
run these experiments and what we found
is that the longer a model thinks the
less creative it gets. I think reasoning
works really well on questions that have
a right answer like creating a math
proof or solving a coding problem. They
really don't seem to work well in any
kind of creative writing domain.
>> Huh, that's so interesting.
>> And in particular uh an unfavored child,
we just found that deepync was a total
dud for our use case despite all the
hype of like, oh my god, these open
source models can reason.
>> Huh.
>> Yeah. Um, what about on the image
generation side? Any favorite models?
>> We have a lot of favorite children in
image generation. I think we have around
20 different image models that we
support in our product and we take a
similar approach of AB testing them all.
>> I think in image models uh there's not
as much of one right answer. Um, I think
our most heavily used models come from
ideoggram and Flux. They have some
really great models and amazing
progress. But we've also been really
amazed by what OpenAI's GPT image can
do. It is so powerful at text and
infographic type content. And so we're
mixing in where we can uh but also
trying to figure out how to serve it
cost effectively.
>> Totally. I want to go back to this data
flywheel and kind of prompt tuning
concept. Um are you familiar with DSPY?
>> Yeah.
>> Um are you guys using that or any other
methods to kind of automatically
engineer your prompts?
>> We're actually not. No, we've tried DSPY
a little bit, but we haven't found it
helpful for us. Um I think there's a
couple reasons for that. We've actually
really valued sort of the legibility and
readability of our own prompts. We
almost view prompts as uh user
experience as things that a designer can
work on, things that a PM can work on,
not just things that engineers write and
optimize. I think another thing is that
we really care about crossmodel
reusability. So I mentioned that for
example, Claude and Gemini and GPT each
have their own strengths. We use all
those models in concert. We test them
against each other constantly. Also, at
any given time, one of these models is
broken and you have to use a different
one. And so we care a lot about that
portability. And we found that tools
like DSPY are really good at
microoptimizing one very specific
sensitive combination, but we care a lot
about generality.
>> And so are you handcrafting your prompts
then?
>> Uh well, Cloud is handcrafting them for
us. I would say we we use a lot of cloud
code to iterate on our prompts, but we
do a lot of human review and iteration
guidance of what to do.
>> Yeah. Super interesting. Well, that's
about the elephant in the room, which I
think is competition. Yeah.
>> Like I mean slides, I agree with you.
Visual communication. It's one of the
most pervasive forms of communication,
especially in the business world. And
therefore, you have a lot of 800 pound
gorillas in the room. Absolutely. That
are going to be competing with you. Um,
who scares you?
>> The one that scares us most is still
PowerPoint and to a lesser extent,
Google Slides. Uh, because they are
still the dominant incumbents. Um, we're
proud proud to have millions of monthly
active users, but the stat that I heard
is that PowerPoint and Google Slides
each have 500 million monthly active
users. So, there's like a billion or so
Slides users out there, and we are still
only the tiniest fraction of that. So,
we still view ourselves very much as an
insurgent trying to take on these very
big incumbents. Um, luckily for us,
those companies have been fairly
slowmoving with AI. Um, I think we're
actually lucky that agentic coding has
taken up so much of everyone's attention
because these productivity use cases
have actually been neglected by some of
the big players. Um, I think the other
big source of competition for us is the
foundation models themselves. So, we saw
chat GPT agent come out just a few weeks
ago. It makes powerpoints thankfully for
us, not very good ones, but we know
that'll change and we know these will
get better. And so, I think for us,
we're still trying to lean into our
differentiation. How can we be as
distinct as possible from PowerPoint,
from Chat EPT? How can we bring a huge
amount of our own taste on top of just
what the models can do?
>> But it's this delicate dance because on
the one hand, we care a lot about being
different. We don't want to just be a
PowerPoint builder at the end of the day
because PowerPoint will eventually
become a great PowerPoint builder. We
want to become a great gamma builder. We
want to be our own visual storytelling
platform and really our own medium. And
yet we also have to be familiar because
we're kind of crossing this chasm where
our first 50 million users were early
adopters who want to try the newest
thing. I think our next 100 million or
so users are going to be maybe this
early majority that need things to be
convenient, need things to be familiar,
need things to fit into existing
workflows, especially as we also make
this transition from pure BTOC to start
to do B2B as well. And so we're kind of
on this tight rope trying to figure out
how to be familiar and yet innovative.
>> Totally. What about Canva? I view them
as somebody that's been beloved for
their taste and design. Um, obviously
some of their usages, uh, slide driven.
How do you think about them?
>> First and foremost, I would say we view
them as an inspiration. I think they're
a very inspiring company in terms of
what they've achieved. They've really
paved a path that we're trying to
follow. I think they've proven a couple
really interesting things about how you
can build a company. Uh, they've proven
that PLG can work at enormous scale. So,
they have the stat that I've heard about
Canva is that they didn't hire a single
salesperson until they had $500 million
of AR. Uh, which is crazy because I
think most companies aspire to ever
reach 500 million using any strategy
whatsoever. Certainly, we do. Um, and
yet they managed it with this sort of
SMB focused strategy um, and a huge
library of sort of templates. And so, we
want to follow that trail that they
blazed. I think we're taking a somewhat
different path than they are though
because Canva is first and foremost a
design tool uh where you drag and drop
things into place and use templates to
do it. We've always had this different
DNA from where we started in the
pandemic of actually being a writing
based tool. And that's why we kind of
also compare ourselves to notion as
maybe another index point of this
company where you didn't need to have
any design skill whatsoever to make
something really beautiful and magical.
And I think notion is also an
inspiration at integrating AI into their
platform as well. And so, yes, I think
we'll compete with Canva more and more
head-on over time, but I'm hoping we can
forge our own path versus just trying to
be a copycat.
>> Totally. Um, I remember at some point a
couple years ago, there were three or
four of these, you know, AI slide
creation uh tools, for lack of a better
word, and you guys really you really
want out and a couple of others have
pivoted or or gone sideways. Why do you
think that is?
>> That's true. It's been a very
competitive space in the past and I
think we've managed to make it a little
bit less competitive for now at least. I
would point to a couple differentiators.
Uh the first one is that we've just
always had a pretty lean paranoid
mindset. So I think some of the other
companies you're referring to raised
quite a lot of money and built pretty
big teams. Um and we always had the
mindset that AI world is changing really
really fast. And the most important
trait that will determine our success is
our ability to pivot and adapt. And so
that's led us to have quite a small team
I would say relative to our traction. Um
we've cared a lot about keeping that
sort of lean mechanic. Um it's also
impacted our spending just in a very
tactical way in terms of how many
dollars we're willing to spend on
inference. So many AI companies now are
operating at a loss. I think that
includes many of our competitors who
were running these tools like GPT4 and
Dolly that were just tremendously
expensive when they came out. And I
think it's this classic mechanic of
selling dollars for 75 cents. You can
get a lot of growth, but it's not
sustainable. And I think a lot of
companies really hit the crunch of doing
something unsustainable. And so that's
also become a part of our DNA is we
really care a lot about cost efficiency
in everything that we do. We really care
about maintaining that cash flow
positivity because we think it's the
foundation that will propel us to keep
moving faster than everyone else.
>> Um, what advice do you have for other
founders building in the application
layer?
Uh first and foremost I would think
about what is your unique perspective on
the market that you're tackling. For us
at Gamma our unique perspective is all
about differentiating the medium itself.
So we've always been very clear to
ourselves. We are not just trying to
make a PowerPoint builder. We're trying
to create a new format to replace the
slide deck. And that's guided many many
of our product choices. It's also
angered our users sometimes. It's not a
sort of a panacea u but I think it's
helped us to navigate what is a very
competitive market. And so I would
definitely encourage other founders in
this space to think about their unique
lens. Um so for example I'd be wary of
making yet another vibe coding startup.
There are so many companies that are
doing pretty much the same thing in this
space. I would think about what is the
neglected area where people are not
applying AI and even potentially you
want to go against the grain of what the
foundation models are training for. So,
um, the reason these VI coding tools are
taking off is that the foundation models
themselves are so good at coding and
it's so clear that the foundation models
are optimizing for that. I think if you
work on something they're not optimizing
for as much, but is still adjacent,
you'll have a little bit better luck at
making progress without being smooshed
by the giant dinosaurs out there. Um, I
would also really try to incorporate
some form of experimentation and really
encourage trying multiple different
models. I think people tend to lock into
one model provider and just assume that
it's the best out there. But the
innovation out there is so rapid and
uneven and unpredictable that I think
you have to plan for a world where on
any given day of the week there's a
different best model out there.
>> Yeah, we got the optimizely DNA coming
out here. I'd love to close by talking a
bit about the future of how you see
gamma. Um maybe so right now you all
have something like 250 million gamas
have been creating created on your
platform. What are you seeing in terms
of the usage so far? What are folks
using you for and how has that evolved
over time as the underlying models have
gotten better and as your platform has
gotten better?
>> Yeah, so you know we started and really
reached product market fit with this use
case of presentations and even
presentations turn out to be a very wide
world. Everything from a very visual TED
talk type presentation to a very wordy
consulting or ibanking slide. And so we
actually see quite a lot of room within
presentations to just keep improving and
doing better. But we also discovered all
these interesting adjacencies that we
hadn't necessarily planned on from the
start. The first one was simply
documents. And when I say documents, I
don't mean like plain text Google docs.
I mean things like uh PDF proposals and
brochures and shiny reports that you
give to a customer and white papers.
There's actually all of these things.
You know, if the market share of
PowerPoint is like 500 million people, I
think for PDF it's like a billion
people. I think there's just an enormous
number of these visual outputs people
are creating that don't quite fit the
classification of a slide deck and we've
actually seen tremendous pull there and
built out a lot of product for that.
>> Uh the next one that really surprised us
was websites. So a lot of people started
making these things in gamma and
realizing that the gamma they made
worked well as a personal website or
their small company or agency website.
Um similar to how notion docs actually
kind of get used as these little mini
>> I was going to make the exact same
comparison.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Again, they're a big
inspiration to us and we realized this
is a great uh market to compete in
because websites are so sticky um and
they're so meaningful to people in terms
of being their public face to the world.
And so we launched a sites product last
year as well. And so we keep finding
these adjacencies and pulling and it's
making us realize that we are much more
than an AI presentation tool. Uh we're
still thinking about how to formulate
it, but I think our our latest mindset
is that we're a visual storytelling
platform. And what that means is that
anytime you have something high stakes
and important you want to convey and
especially when you're kind of like a
book being judged for your cover where
people really care how it looks, Gamma
is a really great place to go and we
want to serve that through many
different use cases.
>> I love that. Um, say a word on what
should users expect from you over the
near to medium term? How how will the
products evolve?
>> We have some really big things coming
out just next month, so in September.
Uh, maybe just to give a bit of a tease
of what's coming. We are doing a lot to
improve our core editing experience. Um
really expanding our visual range and
variety. So we have this goal of making
every gamma feel wildly different and
anything that you sort of imagine that
you want to achieve with it you can just
get uh through easy prompting. Uh so
that's a big one for us. We're building
a lot more agentic editing. So you can
just delegate to the AI and say, you
know, this five slide presentation
should really be 20 and can you expand
more on section 3 and maybe redo the
visuals in this other part just by
talking to it. Uh and then a big one
that I'm really excited about is that
we're launching an API. So we've had a
really surprising amount of interest in
this. I think there are so many
companies that as part of their work
just need to create some kind of visual
output based on some sort of workflow.
So, uh, a simple example is a sales team
where a new prospect comes in and you
want to tee up a pitch to that prospect.
And so, what if you could just take your
CRM, pipe in all the notes you've had
from them and get a pre-anned pitch deck
in your template that you can just go
and take to that prospect without the
hour of salesperson time and let's just
say mingling that might have gone on uh
when they did it. And I'm actually
surprised by how many investors I hear
from that say, "Actually, I have like 10
startups in my portfolio that need
something like this." Uh, because
there's so many startups that do really
valuable work for people and just need a
way to show it off. So, we're really
excited for that to launch, too.
>> Super exciting. Remember Karpathy
tweeted, "What is the cursor for slide?"
That's right. Everybody showed up in the
comments saying, "Gamma." Um, it's
really cool to hear the story of both
how you guys have gotten so far. the
combination of vision of scrainess of
you know everything you're doing in the
model orchestration and experimentation
layer um and also kind of how you see
the future of aentic editing uh and and
what's to come. So thank you so much for
sharing the story of of gamma today and
I can't wait to see you guys continue to
change uh the future of visual
communication.
>> Thanks so much for having me. It was so
great to be here.
[Music]